PyRysunek - Quick Guide

PyRysunek is a simple interactive OpenGL 2D vector drawing program.
It requires of course Python, and these external libraries:
    - PyOpenGL
    - Python Imaging Library (PIL)
    
Usage is fairly easy. Select a tool in the toolbar with your mouse, and click and
drag under the drawing area.
You can draw rectangles, ellipses and free forms.
You can exit the application at any time by pressing "Esc".


1. Selection tool

Use it to define the selected object in the drawing area. The selected object is
highlighted and is used by other tools, such as move and resize.
You select objects by clicking on them, and empty your selection by clicking on
an empty area.
Keyboard shortcut: "s"


2. Rectangle tool

Click on a starting point in the drawing area and drag the mouse while you see
your new rectangle taking shape. Release the mouse when you're done.
Keyboard shortcut: "r"


3. Ellipse tool

The usage as for the rectangle tool.
Keyboard shortcut: "e"


4. Free form tool

Click on the starting point and freely drag the mouse. After moving through a
desired path, release the mouse button to finish.
Keyboard shortcut: "f"


5. Resize tool

Resizes the selection. If no object is selected the action will select the object
under the mouse cursor. Drag your mouse to shrink and enlarge rectangles, ellipses
and free forms.
Keyboard shortcut: "x"


6. Move tool

As with the resize tool, if there is nothing selected, the object under the mouse
will be selected. Simple click and drag you mouse to move the current selection
around the drawing area. Release the mouse button to finish.
Keyboard shortcut: "m"


7. Delete tool

Click on a object to delete it permanently.
Keyboard shortcut: "d"


8. Color Picker

Use your left mouse button to choose the current fill color, and the right mouse
button to define the line color.


9. Saving and loading objects

You can save your current objects by pressing "Ctrl + s".
You can load a previously saved group of objects by pressing "Ctrl + r".
